the party went to the Savage hammer dwarves village

They found there were no dwarves in the city because they went to attack the orcs in 

Found hippogriff  
Has a saddle  
Took him to white peak mt  
Falstads leg was broken  
Took him to his village  
Offered a favor for saving his life  
Switfwing is his mt  
Keenclaw is wife  
Sharpbeak is son

Bagin is village elder

Tysetysh is a wizard very unique for dwarves.


DM NOTES

There are three villages here, each will be an offshoot of the dwarves of old.
 
Clan Battleshield cousins of the Battlehammers were said to once have come from this land though the Battleshields were all wiped out and never heard from again.
 
Agnus Battleshield the last remain of his line was able to flee and would never speak of the shame that was brought upon him by their defeat.
 
His three sons, fought and rivaled with one another until they each decided to change their names.  
The oldest kept his name Gerald Battleshield.  
The middle child Heimish BloodShiled changed his name he had red hair. His name meaning is that he is closer in blood than his brother  
And the youngest Balak BlackShield who had black hair who was an outcast named him because he was labeled worships helm
 
There is a Dwarven hold in the mountains, at the heart of it there is a forge.
 
There are three dwarf villiages below and the dragon has been flying closer and closer to the villiages
 
Tridus's god Helm has a forge built by the dwarves who convinced them to pass through the gate.  
Some dwarves belived the reason the dwarves of old had such bad luck with there defeat was because it was blasphomy to have a forge dedicated to Helm. This truth has been lost over time

This land was closed off by Helm a long time ago, but these dwarves were permitted to come into this land with Helms blessing. this is before the town of Myeve was establisthed.
   
