Linla - Mermaid - Alix  
Auron - Human Fighter - Randi  
Hopper - Frog? - Jana  
Portia - Soldier - Andrew  
ChirpChirp - Kenku - Brad
 
Came over on a boat  
Got a bit of scurvy because Limes went bad  
6 month boat ride  
Set out for adventure  
Went out day one found nothing.  
Party rested after 8 hours of travel  
Linla went out to find a dungeon, and found a cave with a dragon and kobolds  
She assumes it’s a dragon anyway.(it is) figure out the CR later  
They left an went on, found a will'o whisp, it led them to a ruins of a tower  
Giant Ogre Skeleton emerges and they kill it  
They found a tree with all kinds of fruit in it.  
There was a sigil on the wall.  
Auron (randi went to sleep.) Left for home.  
They went up stairs and a tree was growing on top, no roots weird  
Hopper touched sigil and disappeared with the sigil  
ChirpChirp used grape to draw a new sigil Portia touched it and disappeared  
ChirpChirp drew another one and held on to Linla and only ChirpChirp disappeared  
Linla tried to remember how it looked, and right before she drew the correct sigil she was attacked by skeletons  
She got out quick and was teleported into a pot of cooking water that veggypygmies were cooking them in.  
Each player was affected by a strange magical effect
 
Chirp Chirps feathers became green and her beak split and had tusks. She looked like an orc?  
A giant volcano was behind them. Linla tricked them into thinking she had control of the volcano  
They got out and were worshiped by the veggypygmies. They got head dresses and were feed  
They carried them up to the top of the volcano and the veggiepygmies tried to comunnicate that they wanted them to go down and talk with their god, an efreeti, but they are too dumb to mime it out.  
They players ee a tunnel downard andfind a room with beautiful colorful tapestries and a giant floor pillow that was purple with gold trim and tassels. Behind the pillow a brass urn sat there, it was very hot.  
Chirpchirp loving shiny things could thelp but touch it, he dropped it when it burned him.  
An efreeti came out and gave them three wishes. Each player made a wish.  
Hopper wannted to be able to talk with her friends. Portia wanted everyone to talk with everyone.  
Linla wanted to remember her past, pretty much ariel but got abducted by hobgoblins before she could marry prince.  
ChirpChirp wanted the mountain to explode and disappear.
 
All of this happened but the Efreeti took the veggiepygmies with him.  
They tried to travel back home, and ran into the jungle.  
Found a tree house and a boot below it  
The boot had foot in.  
They heard a T-Rex in the distance it  
Chirp Chirp tried to mimic the roar the trex made  
She made a mating call and it came running toward them.  
Hopper climbed up the tree and found a kettle with water and no tea, seemed he was out of tea.  
Chirp Chirp climed up the tree.  
Linla cast fog cloud and Portia tried her hand at animal handling  
The T-Rex grabbed Portia to take back and feed to her hatchlings that were about to hatch.  
The rest of the group found Portial with the Trex encircling the eggs and her.  
Chirp Chirp tied a rock to a rope swing it around and over a branch.  
The branch was very dead. And noisy  
The trex woke up a few times but was good  
Chirp Chirp made cawing noises while lowering the rope down the branch.  
Portia jumped on the rope the pulled her up, she found the branch was dead  
She tied the rock to her leg and jumped to another brach, failing her dex check.  
Chirp chirp pulled the rope which caught another branch and spun the small halfling around the branch.  
The trex woke up and tried to figure out what was going on  
In a desperate atempt Chirp Chirp tried to pull the brunch as the Trex was figuring out what was happening with the rope.  
It pulled it back like a sling shot.  
The trex grabbed on to the rope and pulled on it  
Chirp Chirp made a roar and distracted it.  
It let go of the rope.  
Portia cut the rope from her leg. Flew off into the distance  
Chirp chirp held on to the rope and got flung right past the Trex  
The trex grabbed the rope and it spun around her muzzle sealing her mouth shut  
Chirp chirp began to thrash and head but the trex  
She took a sword and slashed her eye.  
Chirp Chirp rand down the trex back and tail landed on the ground  
The trex took her might tail swinging it into Green feathers exploded in all directions as she was instantly defeathered.  
Portial saw his naked body flying over head. A single green feather floated down into portias hand.  
They were able to get away and the trex went back to her eggs.