They climb the stairs to the temple, it is about 100 feet tall, when they get to 50 feet they notice that the stairs have pressure plates ever other step after that. They get to the top and find that there is a large stone door that is closed. They try to pry it open but they cannot. The Jasper the owleth flys around and notices that there is a hole small enough for slim to fit through. She was about to climb in but decided to loan out her crowbar to try to open the door.
 
They pop the door open and a flood of snakes poor out. Marek was able to slice them all into pieces. They find a magnifying glass lens that the owleth holds up and it points to a spot in the canyon.
 
Marek is able to work it out and will be able to get to the temple in the canyon. Rehgar climbs down the stairs to investigate what is down there. There is a room with a chest, they find a Magic sword which Marek gives slim. There is an immovable rod, and cloak that changes designs. Cassian gets the cloak.
 
They try to climb up and retrieve the golden orb, it falls as a trap is sprung as they climbed up on top. Marek almost gets smashed by the orb but gets out of the way at the last second. Rehgar stays to keep an eye on their treasure. It has sunkend down halfway in the mud.
 
They travel down into the canyon and set out through the jungle. There are a few awakened gorillas that attack the part, Our party convinces them they are friends with the lizard folk. Louis the leader gives them a carving of a lizard folk.
 
Louis lets the party know he is awakened and the lizard folk awakened them. The toki pona people were eating his people.
 
They were aloud to pass into the temple. The door was already open and at the bottom laid a lizard folk that was killed by a trap.
 
There was a door to their right and a hallway ahead. They went through the door on their right. There was a pit had with water and crocs in it. Across the gap was a rickety bridge. They decided not to pass. They went back down the hallway. The Lizardfolk shaman that got eaten by the trex is trying to ressurect a dragon. The lizardfolks flesh is burnt off his head and all that is left is a skull. He runs and animates objets on the floor and doors.
 
The players run after him the run to the only door and it comes alive. They cast fear on it and it runs towards some other lizardfolk who run into the pit with crocs. Slim throws down a rope to help them. They are thankful and show them the secret door.
 
As they walk down the secret door path they see robots and modrons they walk into the next room there is an orrery.