Tridus, Rhegar, Sino and Slim got off the boat and headed to Odin's Eye Tavern.  
They learned about the broadcasting orb and were given necklaces that will broadcast our adventures if we allow it.
 
They learned of some goblins just hanging out to the North East of Myeve, to the Northwest is a marshland, and to the north by a mountain there is a frozen body of water where kobalds and dwarves are working to dig in the ice together.
 
We decide to go check out the dwarves and kobalds digging in the ice, because that seems quite odd.
 
A man with red hair, offered to sell some extra fur clothing his mother sewed. He gave us a really good deal on them.
 
We headed out and mostly had a quiet trip. We found a cave to sleep in and Tridus checked it out and believe it was safe. However, it seemed he had some doubts, because he offered to take first watch, and good thing he did. There was a bear sleeping in the cave.
 
A fight broke out, but we were able to defeat the beast. After a good night's rest, we woke up and saw some worm things crawling on the ice, but we remained quiet and they moved on.
 
We find the frozen lake with the dwarves and kobalds. Tridus and Slim head down to just ask what's going on. Something tries to mind control both of them, but they are able to resist. They see a giant creature with 3 eyes under the ice. ￼￼The kobolds and the dwarves don't want to let Tridus and Slim leave, so a fight breaks out. Tridus tries to run and toss Slim away as he is the protector, and he is immediately surrounded.
 
He took significant damage, but he survived and we were able to defeat them keeping one kobold to question. ￼￼It seemed the dwarves and kobolds were already pretty damaged and very weak. Their feet had frost burn, and we got the impression they didn't actually want to hurt us, but couldn't control it.
 
We take the kobold back to town and we go speak with John Harrison, because he knows draconic. He tells us the creature we found is likely and aboleth and he is excited at the chance of getting to ask questions because aboleth's have near infinite knowledge of everything.
 
We end here having not questioned the kobold yet. We have NOT collected any tips from the tavern as well.