They enter the orrery, Tridus Rehgar, and Shino join the group. A giant orrery stands behind them. The shaman summons two crocs. Cassian viscous mockeries the lizardfolk. Merek jumps up into the lizardfolks face and starts stabing him. Blood is coughed up through his neck. And wisps of purple smoke leave his body and resurrects one of the robots.
 
They continue to battle him and as they hit him more robots arise. Finally they fight a robot that can regenerate himself. They finally smash it and Tridus takes a staff and obsorbs some of the energy that came out. 7 points worth.
 
They find some clay jugs  
One person opens one and the other smashes it. Two will o wisps come out and begin electrocuting people.
 
They put one back in the jar and the other they negotiate with and it helps turn on the orrery. They set it to todays date and it highlights some text. They can't understand it.
 
Tridus takes a jar with them after they copy the text. They go find a place to sleep and level up. They move along until they find a dwarven villiage. They meet the people there, they buy stuff. Cassian finds a fan and they go off alone. Meanwhile randi grifts a 5 yearold child out of 1300 gold. The dwarves feed and give the heroes drinks. They meet the blacksmith and his daughter. She wants Tridus to make her a shield. They borrow a bag of holding from a dwarf who has a daughter. Slim convinces everyone she worships helm. She and a child get into a praising match to praise helm.
 
Slim gives the magic sword from earlier to Marek
 
They wake up and the dwarves feed the heroes. They go to the base of the mountain. And encounter an orc. They try to talk with him, but he proves to be aggressive. They have to kill him before he blows the horn.
 
Marek hears an orc behind him. He is about to blow a horn. He pulls his new magic blade and hits, it doesn’t kill the orc but he pulls his second blade and find out his magic sword is cursed and any weapon he uses beside that magic sword he has disadvantage. He is unable to get the finishing blow and the orc blows the horn.
 
A dragon flys down they try to convince it they want to join him, he makes them throw down their loot and he is about to kill them and take their stuff, but in the end they convince him they will be his minions. He smells the dwaves on them. Slim lies and says she killed the dwaves, he start to fly away to see her handiwork.