Shino fires an arrow at the dragon, ever thinks it was Slim because Shino is so stealthy.  
The dragon comes back, he unleashes a breath attack 4 people go down.  
They fight him and then cassian creates an illusion of a red dragon, the white dragon goes back to defend his horde.  
He instructs Sama (Samuro) to finish off the party.  
Sama begins the fight he is able to move very fast and clone himself.  
In the middle of the fight a young orc girl wonders onto the field.  
The party tries to tell her to get out, but she doesn’t understand common.  
Sama sees that the party could have used her against him, but they were honorable.  
He took the little girl and left and said he will see them again.  
They saw the mountain was building up with a blizzard and the dragon flew down towards the dwarven city.  
By the time they got there it was too late, everyone was dead.  
They found the little girl that Slim grifted but she was mortally wounded.  
They decided to turn around and destroy the dragon.  
They climb the mountain, and on the way they find a frost giant frozen in ice.  
A avalanche brings down the snow and they have to run.  
It’s the Frost Giant breaking out.  
They find a cave. Once inside they find that the back wall is melting.  
There is also a purple worm stuck in ice and some dwarves with a chest locked in the ice  
They decide not to break it out. They continue up until they find an entrance. Into a small room. On the other side of the wall there is a chained up ogre zombie. They decide to sneak up on it and when they do they are spotted by Ogra the leader orcish clans.