Flashback to boat,
 
Alexander who turned from the ways of his people decided to find adventure in Myeve  
Merak a witcher found a portal and ended up in faerun, now he hunts monsters  
Cassian a fantastic famous bard with his loads of stuff, needed to find a place far away from where people could find him
 
Cassian was throwing up on the boat most of the time, claimed to be on the upper decks with the upperclass  
Hid in a barrel most of the ride.
 
They met Amruniel who is very excited about opening a bar up in faerun.
 
There was a mysterious cloaked figure on the ship.
 
When they got to Myeve they settled down in the tavern Odin's Eye.
 
They got to see what there soon to be companions did at the ice lake on the giant orb.
 
They got to see the map for the first time at the table
 
Amruniel brought them drinks they got to talk to JAX
 
Jax is from a trible people called Jan Pona
 
He let them know there was an anchient temple out in the forest, they were hoping to find some info on the ancient race who lived there.
 
Tridus interrogated the kobold, Found out that their master is up in the mountains.
 
They head out, there first watch goes well  
Marek sees something very large in the sky go over the moon, or at least he thinks he does.
 
They head out into the jungle, they come across a 2 Lizard Folk, one with a spear through his chest and the other is eating the priosner that they caught, one of the Jan Pona. With them is a shaman.
 
Tridus doesn’t waste a moment, he immediately attacks. The spear hit the guy with the spear in his chest right in the same spot.
 
Alexander  
threw an axe and hit the one eating the Jan Pona.
 
Cassian minor illusioned a log over top of the Jan Pona.
 
Axeface gets scared, the shaman tries to get his companions to run and summons two crocs to fight the characters
 
They sleep the shaman.
 
Axeface's is hit for his final blow and falls over a log the river herring him away.
 
They put manacles on the two captives and oil in the shamans mouth so if he tries to cast a spell it will break in his mouth.
 
They find that the Jan Pona is badly injured internal bleeding and damage to the lungs.
 
The cure him but he still has internal bleeding. They are going to try to get him back to the village.
 
On the way they hear something very large come.
 
The Jan Pona tries to explain moli suli akesi which should mean dead big lizard.
 
The minor illusion a door in front of them.
 
A giant tyrannosaurus Zombie breaks the door.  
They hand weapons to the lizard folk Jan Pona stabs the zombie and they try to fight it off.  
The shaman casts fog cloud runs away and dismisses the fog cloud, leaving the party to die  
They go around back and tackle him. They cast heat metal on Tridus who comes back with one hit point.  
Tridus lights the oil in the shamans mouth and alexander throws the shaman toward the trex. The other lizard folk runs away. The shaman is swollowed by the trex and fire plumes come out of the trex's neck. The party runs for 15 mins straight, they end up infront of a temple with a large golden orb at the top.